{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: "Van Domelen, Dane Robert" <dvandom@emory.edu>\
Subject: RE: R HW3\
Date: February 26, 2014 3:30:44 PM EST\
To: "Sun, Yuqi" <yuqi.sun@emory.edu>, "Pittard, Steve" <wsp@emory.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Hi Yuqi, here are your results for HW3:\
\
1. -1 point. Note that the figure in the right panel should be all the way to the top-right. To\'a0achieve this, remove the inset=0.05 and change the first argument to "topright" rather than the\'a0numbers 3.97,34.78.\
2a. -3 points. In order to plot on a single panel rather than a 2x1 panel, you need to add par(mfrow=c(1,1)) before calling boxplot. Also, you forgot the gridlines. To get gridlines, add\'a0type=c("p","g") to your function inputs in the boxplot call.\'a0\
3. -4 points. You forgot the title and also did not return the rows in which the confidence\'a0intervals did not contain the suspected mean.\'a0\
\
Total = 92. Nice work!\
\
- Dane\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160

\f2\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs20 \cf2 From:
\b0  Sun, Yuqi\

\b Sent:
\b0  Tuesday, February 25, 2014 1:23 PM\

\b To:
\b0  Van Domelen, Dane Robert; Pittard, Steve\

\b Subject:
\b0  R HW3\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs32 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Hello,\
\
Attachment is my HW3 of R.\
\
Thank you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs24 \cf2 Yuqi Sun
\f1\fs26 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs32 \cf2 MPH Student of\'a0Department of Biostatistics
\f0\fs24 \

\f2\fs32 Rollins School of Public Health\
Emory University\
1231 Clairmont Road President Park 12A\
Atlanta GA, 30030\
Tel 404.940.6714\
yuqi.sun@emory.edu
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \
}