{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red56\green110\blue255;\red16\green73\blue188;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: "Van Domelen, Dane Robert" <dvandom@emory.edu>\
Subject: RE: hw3\
Date: February 26, 2014 5:04:03 PM EST\
To: "Lin, Chenyin" <chenyin.lin@emory.edu>\
Cc: "Pittard, Steve" <wsp@emory.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Thanks Chenyin, I missed that. Your corrected score is a 96.\'a0\
- Dane\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160

\f2\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs20 \cf2 From:
\b0  Lin, Chenyin\

\b Sent:
\b0  Wednesday, February 26, 2014 3:53 PM\

\b To:
\b0  Van Domelen, Dane Robert\

\b Subject:
\b0  Re: hw3\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs32 \cf2 \
\
Hi,Dane\
I think there is something wrong with evaluation. I have resent my hw3 to you and I have already add\'a0
\f1\fs20 par(mfrow=c(1,1)) in my second email. I don\'92t think you look at the right piece.
\f2\fs32 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs20 \cf2 have a nice day!
\f2\fs32 \

\f1\fs20 Chenyin Lin
\f2\fs32 \

\f1\fs20 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs32 \cf2 On Feb 26, 2014, at 3:27 PM, Van Domelen, Dane Robert <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dvandom@emory.edu"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 dvandom@emory.edu}}> wrote:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf4 Hi Chenyin, here are your results for HW3:\
\
1. The legends are a little smaller than in the assignment but it's perfect other than that.\'a0\
2a. -3 points. In order to make the width of the boxes proportional to the sample sizes, you\'a0need to add varwidth = TRUE to your boxplot function call. Also, the following code is needed\'a0before generating the figure to make the panel 1 row by 1 column rather than 1 row by 2 columns:\
\
par(mfrow=c(1,1))\
\
3. -2 points. I think you did not see the part that asked for your function to return the rows\'a0of sci in which the confidence intervals do not contain the suspected mean. To achieve this,\'a0just add the following line to the last line of your function:\
\
return(not)\
\
Total = 95. A few little things here and there but overall your figures look great!\
\
- Dane\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160

\f2\fs32 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs20 \cf4 From:
\b0  Lin, Chenyin\

\b Sent:
\b0  Tuesday, February 25, 2014 11:42 PM\

\b To:
\b0  Van Domelen, Dane Robert\

\b Cc:
\b0  Pittard, Steve\

\b Subject:
\b0  hw3\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs32 \cf4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs26 \cf4 Hi\uc0\u65292 \
\
I\'92m sorry for send hw3 again, This is one\'a0 mistake in that project. So i correct it, and resend it.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs32 \cf2 \
}