{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: "Van Domelen, Dane Robert" <dvandom@emory.edu>\
Subject: RE: LIU_ANRAN_HW3\
Date: February 26, 2014 3:29:18 PM EST\
To: "Liu, Anran" <anran.liu@emory.edu>\
Cc: "Pittard, Steve" <wsp@emory.edu>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 Hi Anran, here are your results for HW3:\
\
2b. -1 point. We actually wanted you to use the data frame from the URL that was given in the\'a0assignment. When I changed this it created a figure that matched the one in the assignment\'a0(fewer data points than in the figure your code originally generated). Also you are missing a\'a0space in the title but this is very minor.\'a0\
\
Total = 99. Great work!\
\
- Dane\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160

\f2\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs20 \cf2 From:
\b0  Van Domelen, Dane Robert\

\b Sent:
\b0  Tuesday, February 25, 2014 10:54 PM\

\b To:
\b0  Liu, Anran\

\b Subject:
\b0  RE: LIU_ANRAN_HW3\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs32 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf2 No problem! Unless Steve says otherwise I will grade this one.\'a0\
- Dane\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160

\f2\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs20 \cf2 From:
\b0  Liu, Anran\

\b Sent:
\b0  Tuesday, February 25, 2014 10:53 PM\

\b To:
\b0  Van Domelen, Dane Robert\

\b Cc:
\b0  Pittard, Steve\

\b Subject:
\b0  LIU_ANRAN_HW3\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs32 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs26 \cf2 Hi Dane,\
\
I didn\'92t notice the grey grid lines in 2b and just added it in my code. I already handed in my homework on the 23rd. Hope it is not too late to fix the problem. Attached please find my new code. \
\
Thanks,\
Anran\
\
\
}